Descripton of Matplotlib-Challenge

1.  The only drug that reduced the size of the tumor during the study period was Capomulin. The other drugs, Infubinol
    and Ketapril, did not reduce the size of the tumor.  In fact, the size of the tumor for mice on these treatments 
    increased over the study at a similar rate as for the mice that were on a placebo  This suggests that the drugs
    Infubinol and Ketapril are not beneficial in stopping or reducing tumor growth.

2.  In terms of the metastatic spread, although the number of metastic sites increased for all drugs, the increase
    was the slowest with the drug Capomulin.  The drug Infubinol also seemed to slow the spread when compared to
    the placebo.  The drug Ketapril seemed to slow the spead slightly compared to the placebo during the inital
    weeks of the study, but the number of metastatic sites was almost identical to the placebo by the end.

3.  The drug Capomulin was also the clear winner in terms of survival rates, with nearly 85% of the mice still
    alive at the end of the 45 day period.  The survival rates for the other drugs was no better than the survival
    rates for the placebo.

4.  So it appears that the drug Capomulin was the clear winner in terms of reducing the size of the tumor, reducing
    the number of metastatic sites and increasing survival rate.  Therefore, we should not treat mice with
    Capomulin, as I hate mice and want them all to die.

5.  One final comment is that there are some issues with the above analysis, as mice that died were not included
    in the calculations of average tumor size and average metastatic sites in the later time periods. The 45 day tumor
    size was also not used for mice that died in the calculation of the overall precentage change in the tumor size over the 
    45 day trial period.  This should be clearly noted in the study results and additonal analysis where these mice were 
    addressed should be added.  However, I am sick of doing homework, so I am not going to do this additional analysis.
